Liquidity-provider-server automated update of documentation update-from-lps-20260224-223005 (#473)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/identity/data-vault/cpinner/cpinner-service.markdown

It is a centralized pinner because it provides a centralized service that maps the necessary metadata (ie: user did and key) associated to the IPFS cids so it can be accessed seamlessly.

Main features:
- API for storing, updating and deleting, accessible only proving DID control - uses [DID Auth](/rif/identity/ssi/specs/did-auth)
- Open API for retrieving data - **It is strongly recommended to encrypt the content saved in IPFS using this package.**

It is an API designed using [IPFS Centralized Pinner Provider](/rif/identity/data-vault/cpinner/cpinner-provider)

It has three layers:
- HTTP layer: exposes a simple HTTP REST API to interact with from any web client.
- Service provider layer: an internal interface that abstracts the way the content is stored.
- File system layer: defines where and how the metadata is stored.

### Usage

The IPFS Centralized pinner service is designed to let users store content for free. That content is pinned into IPFS.

Content is stored in `did -> key -> content[]` dictionary. Content with a same `key` can be accessed all together.

This service implements the [DID Auth protocol](/rif/identity/ssi/specs/did-auth) to protect the API.

#### API

> The API is divided in two. Content modifications need [authenticated requests using DID Auth](/rif/identity/ssi/specs/did-auth) and is strongly recommend to encrypt the content uploaded. This enables the accessing API to be open to anybody.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is divided in two. Content modifications need [authenticated requests using DID Auth](/rif/identity/ssi/specs/did-auth). It is strongly recommended that the content is encrypted when uploaded. This enables the accessing API to be open to anybody.
```

Expects: an object `{ content: 'the content' }` in the `body` of the request.

Returns: an HTTP 201 with an object `{ id }` containing the IPFS correspondant cid.

##### PUT /content/:key/:id

Swaps existing `content` associated to the given `key`, `id` and the logged `did`.

The `id` is OPTIONAL. If present, it will replace just the `content` that matches both `key` and `id`.
If the `id` is not sent, the entire `content` associated to the given `key` is replaced.

If the `key` or `id` do not exist, it will create the new `key` and associate the given `content` to that.
Update `contents` of a given `key`.

Expects: an object `{ content: 'the content' }` in the `body` of the request.

Returns: an HTTP 200 with an object `{ id }` containing the IPFS correspondant cid.

##### DELETE /content/:key/:id

Deletes the `content` associated to the given `key`, `id` and the logged `did`.

The `id` is OPTIONAL. If present, it will delete just the `content` that matches both `key` and `id`.
If the `id` is not sent, the entire `content` associated to the given `key` will be deleted.

Returns: an HTTP 200 with no `content`.

### Run for development

> See our repo in [Github](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-data-vault/tree/master/modules/ipfs-cpinner-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [`ipfs-cpinner-client` in the `rif-data-vault` repo](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-data-vault/tree/master/modules/ipfs-cpinner-client).
```
